Activity #1:
  1. What is ambient light?
        Ambient light is the general lighting applied to all objects.
  2. What happens when ambient light intensity increases?
        The light gets brighter and blurs the edges of object faces.
  3. Which intensity produces the brightest scene?
        The value 1.0 produces the brightest effect.
  4. Does ambient light create highlights or shadows?
        Ambient lighting does not create highlights or shadows because it applies to all objects equally.

Activity #2:
  1. Which faces of the cube become brighter?
        The cube faces turned toward the postion of the directional light get brighter.
  2. Which faces become darker?
        The cube faces turned away from the position of the directional light get darker.
  3. Why does changing the light position affect visibility?
        Changing the light postion affects visibility because it changes which parts of the cube the directional light hits. 
  4. Which direction produces the strongest lighting effect?
        The light pointing up (0, -1, 0) produces the stongest visual effect in my opinion.

Activity #3:
  1. Which color creates the highest contrast?
        The red color produces the highest contrast.
  2. Which color appears brightest?
        The yellow color appears the brightest.
  3. Why do dark areas remain dark even when the light color changes?
        The dark areas stay dark because the directional light does not hit them, therefore their color remains the same.
  4. Which color feels the most realistic?
        The blue color feels the most realistic because it's closest to the gray color of the material.
  5. Which color creates the most dramatic effect?
        The green color creates the most dramatic effect.

Activity #4:
  1. Why do the highlights move across the cube?
        The highlights move across the cube because the direction of the light is changing.
  2. Why do some faces become brighter over time?
        Some faces become brighter because they're catching more of the light.
  3. Why does the cube appear different as it rotates?
        The cube appears different as it rotates because the direction of the cube faces are changing which changes how much the directional light hits them.
  4. How would animated lighting improve a video game scene?
        Animated lighting would improve a video game scene by adding realism.

Activity #6:
  1. What color code did you use?
        I used 0x7700ff.
  2. Does your purple light appear exactly how you expected?
        Yes. I wanted a color closer to purple than magenta, so I had more blue than red in my color.

Activity #7:
  1. How did you generate random colors?
        I used Math.random() to generate three numbers between 0 and 1 to use as RGB values.
  2. Which colors looked best?
        The more saturated, brighter colors (higher RGB values) looked the best.
  3. Did any colors make the cube difficult to see?
        The darker colors (lower RGB values), especially dark blues, were harder to see.

Activity #8:
  1. How is a Point Light different from a Directional Light?
        A directional light hits all faces it's touching the same. A point light hits faces differently depending on distance and angle.
  2. Which light type resembles a light bulb?
        A point light more closely resembles a light bulb.
  3. Which light type resembles sunlight?
        A directional light more closely resembles sunlight.
  4. What happens when the Point Light is moved closer to the cube?
        The light gets brighter and illuminates more of the cube face.
  5. What happens when it is moved farther away?
        The light gets duller and illuminates less of the cube face.

Activity #9:
  1. Which color dominates the scene?
        I put my points lights directly opposite of each other, so neither really dominates over the other.
  2. What happens when lights overlap?
        When the lights overlap the colors mix.
  3. Does the object look more realistic with multiple lights?
        I think it does. Most places in real life have multiple sources of lit, so I makes sense that a realistic scene would as well.

Reflection Questions:
  1. What is ambient lighting?
        Ambient light is the general lighting applied to all objects.
  2. What is directional lighting?
        Directional lighting is lighting that hits certain object faces based on its postion.
  3. What is point lighting?
        Point lighting is a light that emits in a certain direction in a conical shape.
  4. Why do we need normals for lighting calculations?
        We need normals for lighting calculations because they determine the angle the light will hit at.
  5. Why do some faces of an object appear brighter than others?
        Because they are facing a directional and/or a point light.
  6. How does moving a light source affect a scene?
        Moving a light source affects which objects within the scene it hits.
  7. How does changing light color affect realism and mood?
        Certain colors have certain connotations or associations. By making the lighting in a scene that color you bring those associations to the scene.
  8. Why does Three.js make lighting easier than raw WebGL?
        It makes it easier by doing all the shader calculations for you.
  9. Which light type did you find most useful?
        I found the ambient light the most useful. Because it affects all objects the same, it has a greater effect on the objects.
  10. What was the most interesting thing you learned during this lab?
        The most interesting thing I learned in this lab was the effects of mixing the colors of two lights.
